


Summary of the video:
In the past to create a complicated layout and to make it responsive we used either bootstrap or flexbox & javascript, but we faced a lot more complications on it basically when we try to make it responsive we have to write many lines of code for it but the grid is a kind of property which provides us the freedom to design our webpage also provides good responsive making ability.
Grid works on 2 dimensional so we can easily make our design and also we can set the directional value according to our screen size easily.
in the grid, there are properties like "grid-template-row" where we cam simply design our web pages by row also we can do it in columns.
also, many other properties are there like gride area. that is very powerful in terms of making responsive web layouts.

In some use cases, we have complex designs to implement, and that’s when the magic of CSS grid shows itself. The two-dimensional layout system here is perfect to create a complex design, we can use it in our favor to create more complex and maintainable web pages.
Another thing that’s very helpful in CSS grid, that we don’t have in Flexbox, is the gap property. We can define the gap between our rows or columns very easily, without having to use the margin property, which can cause some side effects especially if we’re working with many breakpoints.
When you already have your layout design structure, it’s easier to build with CSS grid, and the two-dimensional layout system helps us a lot when we’re able to use rows and columns together, and position the elements the way we want.





----------------------------------------------------------------

As we all know flexbox is a 1d property and grid is a 2d poperty. 
So when we ter to work in 2d layout we should definetly use grid for that,
Let me point out sime feild when we shuld use grid and when we should use flexbox

** When we should use flexbox:-
 1.Flexbox is ideal when you have a small layout design to implement, with a few rows or a few columns.
 2.Flexbox is perfect for that, the only thing we should do is create a flex container using display: flex and then define the flex-direction that we want.
 3. Flexbox is the ideal layout system to create web pages if you don’t know exactly how your content is going to look, so if you want everything just to fit in, flexbox is perfect for that.

** When we should use grid:-
 1.In some use cases, we have complex designs to implement, and that’s when the magic of CSS grid shows itself. The two-dimensional layout system here is perfect to create a complex design, we can use it in our favor to create more complex and maintainable web pages.
2.Another thing that’s very helpful in CSS grid, that we don’t have in Flexbox, is the gap property. We can define the gap between our rows or columns very easily, without having to use the margin property, which can cause some side effects especially if we’re working with many breakpoints.
3.When you already have your layout design structure, it’s easier to build with CSS grid, and the two-dimensional layout system helps us a lot when we’re able to use rows and columns together, and position the elements the way we want.